Added chipsets to supported platforms (#10174)
flutter/website: src/reference/supported-platforms.md

description: The platforms that Flutter supports by platform version.
---

As of Flutter {{site.appnow.flutter}},
Flutter supports the following hardware architectures and platform versions
to run Flutter code.

## Supported hardware architectures

Flutter supports running apps on the following hardware architectures.

{% assign chips = site.data.chipsets %}
{% assign yes = '<span class="material-symbols" style="color: #158477;">verified</span>' %}
{% assign no = '<span class="material-symbols" style="color: #D43324">dangerous</span>' %}
{% assign beta = '<span class="material-symbols" style="color: #13C2AD">gpp_maybe</span>' %}
{% assign na = '<span class="material-symbols" style="color:

> #DADCE0">do_not_disturb_on</span>' %}

Author: I found a way to handle this. Take a look.

> | Platform |   x86   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RISC-V   |

Author: We did, but not anymore. This table came from the Dart site.

> | Platform |   x86   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RISC-V   |

Reviewer: FYI, we were told by Microsoft to use the "Windows Arm64" branding instead of "Windows ARM64". It looks like that's the branding used on arm.com as well ([link](https://www.arm.com/architecture/cpu)). Should we rebrand these to `Arm32` and `Arm64`?

Author: Sounds good!

> | Platform |   x86   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RISC-V   |

Reviewer: Should we upgrade Windows Arm64 to "Supported in all channels"? The 3.19 blog post declared "initial support" for Windows Arm64 on beta and master channels: https://medium.com/flutter/whats-new-in-flutter-3-19-58b1aae242d2

FYI we're in a weird messy state right now: you can create Windows Arm64 executables _if you re-download the engine artifacts once_ (examples: `flutter precache`, `flutter upgrade`, etc..). Until you re-download artifacts, you'll create Windows x64 executables that run on Windows Arm64 using emulation.

Some context: On Windows, we don't support cross-compilation yet and the Flutter tool targets whatever architecture the tool was built for. If on a Windows Arm64 machine you use the Flutter tool for x64 machines, you'll produce an x64 app. Although we do have Windows Arm64 artifacts, we haven't created a Windows Arm64 Flutter SDK .zip yet. As a result, Windows Arm64 users start with x64 artifacts until they re-download their artifacts.

Sorry for the long-winded explanation.

Author: Understood and fixed.

> | Platform |   x86   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RISC-V   |

Author: Fixed.

> | Platform |   x86   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RISC-V   |

Reviewer 2: Is there any reason in particular you made the switch? Can we switch back? In the SDK and the GCP storage archive, it is labeled as IA32, so I think it's best to be consistent across everywhere if possible.

|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
{%- for chip in chips %}
  | {{chip.platform}} | {{chip.x86}} | {{chip.x64}} | {{chip.arm32}} | {{chip.arm64}} | {{chip.risc-v}} |
{%- endfor %}
{:.table.table-striped}

{{yes}} Supported in all channels.  
{{no}} Unsupported in all channels.  

> {{beta}} Supported in Dev, Beta channels only.  

Reviewer 2: Flutter has no `dev` channel, only `beta` and `main`.

Reviewer 3: Good catch! @parlough is indeed correct!

Author: Fixed.

to run Flutter code.

## Supported hardware architectures

Flutter supports running apps on the following hardware architectures.

{% assign chips = site.data.chipsets %}
{% capture yes %}
 <span class="material-symbols" 
       style="color: #158477"
       aria-label="The Flutter SDK supports the specified architecture on the specified target platform"
       role="img">verified</span>
{% endcapture %}
{% capture no %}
 <span class="material-symbols"
       style="color: #D43324"
       aria-label="The Flutter SDK does not support the specified
       architecture on the specified target platform"
       role="img">dangerous</span>
{% endcapture %}
{% capture beta %}
 <span class="material-symbols"
       style="color: #13C2AD"
       aria-label="The Flutter SDK supports ARM64 in beta the only architecture on Windows"
       role="img">gpp_maybe</span>
{% endcapture %}
{% capture na %}
 <span class="material-symbols"
       style="color: #DADCE0"
       aria-label="No version of the Flutter SDK exists for the
       specified architecture on the specified target platform"
       role="img">do_not_disturb_on</span>
{% endcapture %}

> | Platform |   x86   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RV64GC   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Platform |   IA32 (x86)   |   x64   |  ARM32  |   ARM64   | RV64GC   |
```

|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
{%- for chip in chips %}
  | {{chip.platform}} | {{chip.x86}} | {{chip.x64}} | {{chip.arm32}} | {{chip.arm64}} | {{chip.risc}} |
{%- endfor %}
{:.table.table-striped}

<div aria-hidden="true" markdown="1">

> {{yes}} Supported in all channels.  
> {{no}} Unsupported in all channels.  
> {{beta}} Supported in Beta channel only.  
> {{na}} No version exists.  

Reviewer 2: - For more reliable and easier to notice forced new-lines, you can use `<br>` here. We do it elsewhere on the sites as well.
- Generally I think of an OS or architecture as "supported on" or "supported by".
- To highlight channels, we generally use code font or bold while keeping it lower case.
- "No version exists" could be mistaken to mean that no version exists for Flutter. I think it would be beneficial to expand a bit to different it from the case where it's just unsupported.

```suggestion
{{yes}} Supported on all channels.<br>
{{no}} Unsupported on all channels.<br>
{{beta}} Supported on the `beta` and `main` channels only.<br>
{{na}} Unsupported by the operating system.<br>
```

Author: @parlough : No issue with most of this, but the N/A comes from mit's thoughts on Dart. I don't know if I want to confuse this if you look across both sites.

Author: I would also like to keep markup to Markdown wherever possible.

</div>

## Supported operating systems

Flutter offers three tiers of support for deploying apps to target platforms.

> * **Supported**: Google tests these platforms on every commit.

Reviewer 2: Consider using a definition list here instead, since it seems to fit your use case and adds extra semantics.

Author: I tried that, but it looked like it added a bit too much page length. Let me check again.

* **Best effort**: Google intends to support these platforms
  through coding practices. Google tests these platforms on an ad-hoc basis.

> * **Unsupported**: Google doesn't test or support these platforms.

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to not drag "Google" in to all three descriptions. Perhaps it makes sense for the "Supported" category, but the other two are likely better off as "The Flutter team" or "Flutter".

For the **supported** category, I think it also should be "The Flutter team" but can perhaps be strengthened with a mention of Google. I'm not sure exactly how yet, so I'll try to come back to this comment with ideas. Perhaps something like "The Flutter team, supported by Google, runs tests for these platforms on every commit."?

Author: That's fair. The original said Google; I was just updating.

Author: Fixed.

Flutter supports running apps on the following hardware architectures.

{% assign chips = site.data.chipsets %}
{% capture yes %}
 <span class="material-symbols" 
       style="color: #158477"
       aria-label="The Flutter SDK supports the specified architecture on the specified target platform"
       role="img">verified</span>
{% endcapture %}
{% capture no %}
 <span class="material-symbols"
       style="color: #D43324"
       aria-label="The Flutter SDK does not support the specified
       architecture on the specified target platform"
       role="img">dangerous</span>
{% endcapture %}
{% capture beta %}
 <span class="material-symbols"
       style="color: #13C2AD"

>        aria-label="The Flutter SDK supports ARM64 in beta the only architecture on Windows"

Reviewer: Windows Arm64 is "initially supported" on all channels
